Hi. I'm your mouse pointer. As of today, you can talk to me.
Step 1 — install: clone, then two commands. Straight from the README.
One line needs your password — it lets me move the real pointer.
Step 2 — the health check. Green means go.
The yellow line is optional — the grid reaches every pixel without it.
Step 3 — download my ears (~40 MB, 100% offline). Then: run.
I start asleep — stray words never move me. Say: “mouse wake”
Aiming is a grid, 1–9. Say: “grid five”
Hear the quiet? Motion is silent — I only speak when something happens.
Fine-tune: “move up a little” · “move right a lot”
“point to firefox” — needs the Window Calls extension (grid works without)
Now act. Say: “click”
A drag is two words: “hold” … “release”
The wheel: “scroll down a lot”
Three words are always hot. “stop” freezes me.
“undo” takes it back.
“never mind” means forget it.
Lost? Ask: “where am i”
Done? “mouse quit” — I always double-check.
Free · offline · open source — github.com/in5devilinspace/mouse-os